{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Naive Bayes Folder\
Open the AbstractPackage.Rproj file in Rstudio.\
There are a couple options for the next step. Either,\
1) Type install.packages("AbstractPackage") in the Console\
   After it installs, type library(AbstractPackage) in the\
   Console. The package should be loaded.\
\
OR\
\
2) (Optional? install.packages("devtools") )\
   Open the Build menu in Rstudio and click Configure\
   Build Tools...\
   From the "Project build tools:" drop-down menu,\
   select Package.\
   Now, above the Environment pane there should be a Build\
   tab. Open it and Press the Build & Reload button.\
\
The package should now be loaded and ready to use.\
\
Once the package has been built and loaded, open\
the file "SourceMe.R" in the "AbstractPackage" folder.\
This file contains example code to illustrate the\
functionality of the package.\
The best way to run the code is line by line.\
After reading each comment, highlight the code beneath\
it and press ctrl+enter.\
Feel free to press the Source button at the top-right\
of the Source pane, but be warned, it could take a while.\
\
That's it. If you need any help on how functions work and\
what their arguments are, type the function's name\
preceded by a question mark (?func) in the Console,\
to open the Help page.\
Example: ?bayesProb\
\
If you feel the code is taking too long or you just want to\
quit early, press the red stop sign above the Console\
\
Best!\
\
\
KNN Folder\
This contains the knnClassifier.py which is our homemade KNN classifier. \
\
PLEASE COPY PASTE the datasets file provided into this folder. If I included it, it would have been too big to upload.\
\
The ipython notebook test files contain the code to create all the graphs. If you launch it in Jupyter, we get to view all my pretty graphs and confusion matrices. If you don\'92t have Jupyter, simple run the ipython notebook form the terminal. \
\
knn_feature_size_final.ipynb contains all the tests to find the optimal feature size\
knn_testing_final contains all the tests to find the optimal number for K, and a some runs testing whether increasing the number of train examples helps. \
knn_validation_final contains the final tests on the entire 84,000 dataset. some nice confusion matrices here\
\
\
Kaggle Folder\
\
PLEASE COPY PASTE the datasets file provided into this folder. If I included it, it would have been too big to upload.\
\
Run the files open them in any python 2 environment that has the pandas, scikit learn and numpy modules installed. The training input and output and test input must be placed in a subfolder "datasets" within the folder containing the python code. \
\
Two files are present:\
\
Kaggle_CV shows how we cross validated to select the hyperparameters.\
\
Kaggle_Classify contains the code for our highest scoring classifier on the Kaggle leaderboard.}